Awardwinning news, views, and insight from the ESET security community Awardwinning news, views, and insight from the ESET security community Business Security In an era of escalating digital threats, cybersecurity compliance goes beyond ticking a legal box its a crucial shield safeguarding assets, reputation, and the very survival of your business Mrk Szab 11 Nov 2024 , 5 min. read What is the most common pain point facing businesses these days Is it supply chain fragility Fierce competition Tight cashflows Or is it the rising and relentless tide of cyberattacks Evidence and analysts suggest its often the latter. As cyberthreats show no signs of slowing down, both small and large organizations increasingly recognize that cybersecurity is no longer optional. Whats more, governments and regulatory agencies have also caught onto its importance, especially when it concerns organizations that operate in sectors that are critical to a nations national infrastructure. The result An expanding set of compliance requirements that feel daunting but are essential for a countrys smooth operations and public security. Mandatory compliance encompasses regulations enforced by statelevel or stateadjacent agencies and targeting companies operating in critical infrastructure sectors, such as healthcare, transport, and energy. For example, a company processing patient data in California would need to follow the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act HIPAA and the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA, since the former is a U.S. federal act meant to protect sensitive patient data, while the latter is a state regulation meant to protect the data privacy of the residents of California. However, every company needs to recognize that compliance isnt a oneanddone effort. Organizations need to stay on top of, and ensure continuous adherence to, regulatory requirements as they evolve. A company that doesnt conform to compulsory compliance can face hefty fines. Incidents such as data breaches or ransomware attacks can result in extensive costs, but evidence of a failure to comply with mandated security measures can ultimately cause the final bill to go through the roof. The required cybersecurity and data protectionrelated regulations for an organization can depend on a multitude of factors. For example, the CCPA is based on California residents, and applies to any business processing Californians data. On the other hand, the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR has a geographic scope, only applying to citizens within the EU. Furthermore, depending on what customers, clients, or partners a business wants to attract, it is wise to apply for a specific certificate to qualify for a contract. For example, if a company wants to work with the US federal government, it needs to apply for the FedRAMP certificate, demonstrating its competence in protecting federal data. At any rate, compliance needs to be built into the foundations of any business strategy. As regulatory requirements keep rising in the future, wellprepared companies will have an easier time adapting to the changes, With compliance being measured continuously, this can save organizations significant resources and enable their growth in the long run. Lets now have a quick rundown on some of the most important cybersecurity regulatory acts and frameworks This regulatory act covers the handling of patient information in hospitals and other healthcare facilities. It represents a set of standards that are designed to protect confidential patient health data from being misused, requiring administrative entities to enact various safeguards to protect said data, both physically and electronically. The SECs rules on cybersecurity risk management, strategy, governance, and incident disclosure by public companies emphasizes timely cyber incident reporting involving material incidents, as well as annual audits on their cyber posture. Reporting of material incidents should happen in four business days, with penalties stemming from late, lacking, or other reporting failures. A US government agency under the Department of Commerce, NIST develops standards and guidelines for various sectors, including cybersecurity. By mandating a certain set of policies that serve as the foundation of organizational security, it enables businesses and industries to better manage their cybersecurity. For example, the NIST Cybersecurity Framework 2.0 contains comprehensive guidance for organizations of all sizes and current security posture on how they can manage and reduce their cybersecurity risks. PCI DSS is another information security standard designed to control credit card data handling. Its goal is to reduce payment fraud risks by tightening the security surrounding cardholder data. It applies to all entities that handle card data, be it a store, a bank, or a service provider. This directive strengthens the cyberresilience of critical entities in the European Union by imposing stricter security requirements and risk management practices on entities operating in sectors such as energy, transport, health, digital services and managed security services. NIS2 also introduces new incident reporting rules and fines for noncompliance. The GDPR is one of the strictest data privacy and security regulations globally. It focuses on the privacy and data privacy rights of people in the European Union, giving them control over their data and mandating secure storage and breach reporting for companies that manage the data. There are both industryspecific and broad regulatory frameworks, and each comes with unique requirements. Complying with one doesnt guarantee that youre not in breach of another set of rules therefore, pay attention to which regulations apply to your business and its operations. What about noncompliance As mentioned previously, certain regulations institute hefty penalties. For example, GDPR violations may result in fines of up to 10 million euros, or 2 of global annual turnover, for any company that fails to notify either a supervisory authority or the data subjects of a breach. Supervisory authorities can also slap additional fines for inadequate security measures, leading to further costs. In the US, noncompliance with FISMA, for example, can mean reduced federal funding, government hearings, censure, lost future contracts, and more. Similarly, HIPAA violations could also have some dire consequences, be they US1.5 million worth of fines annually and even jail time of 10 years. Clearly, there is more at stake than financial wellbeing. All in all, it is better to be safe than sorry, and its also prudent to keep up with cybersecurity regulations specific to your industry. Rather than viewing it as an additional avoidable expense, your business should see compliance as an essential and regular investment, doubly so in the case of compulsory standards, which, if neglected, could quickly turn your business, if not life, upside down. To learn more about how your organization can be compliant with specific regulations, head over to ESETs Cybersecurity Compliance for Business page. Sign up for our newsletters Business Security Achieving cybersecurity compliance in 5 steps Business Security Achieving cybersecurity compliance in 5 steps Business Security Cyber insurance, human risk, and the potential for cyberratings Business Security Cyber insurance, human risk, and the potential for cyberratings Business Security Why system resilience should mainly be the job of the OS, not just thirdparty applications Business Security Why system resilience should mainly be the job of the OS, not just thirdparty applications Ransomware Ransomware To pay or not to pay Legal or illegal These are the questions Business Security How regulatory standards and cyber insurance inform each other Business Security The key considerations for cyber insurance A pragmatic approach Awardwinning news, views, and insight from the ESET security community