Mandiant Consulting Respond to breaches, mitigate threats, reduce risk, and get back to business with the help of leading experts. Our experience comes directly from the frontlines, and is backed by leading threat researchers and incident responders so we can provide you with the best guidance to increase the power of your security program. Threat Intelligence Get comprehensive visibility and context on the threats that matter most to your organization. Security Solutions Solve your toughest cybersecurity challenges with combinations of products and services. Mandiant Managed Services Mandiant Managed Services provides continuous monitoring, expert threat hunting, and rapid incident response, empowering your security team to stay ahead of evolving cyber risks. We supplement your security team with world-class expertise to fortify your defenses against advanced threats. Security Products Be more proactive in protecting your organization from attacks by understanding your threat landscape, vulnerabilities, and potential blind spots and how actors will target them. Get Started Top Mandiant is now part of Google Cloud and continues to provide product-agnostic cybersecurity consulting and intelligence services to organizations. Learn More > Breadcrumb The Defender's Advantage: A guide to activating cyber defense Cyber defenders have the fundamental advantage of combating adversaries in their own environment. Learn how to unlock your defender's advantage with an effective operating model that uses the six critical functions of cyber defense. Newly Released: Cyber Snapshot Report, Issue 7 Learn about hot topics in cyber defense today, observed on the frontlines by Mandiant and Google Cloud experts, including the growing vulnerabilities affecting web-based LLMs, deploying attacker deception strategies, migrating to a leading-edge SIEM, and more. M-Trends 2024 Special Report is available In this 15th edition, M-Trends provides a deep look at the evolving cyber threat landscape directly from Mandiant incident response investigations and threat analysis of high-impact attacks and remediations around the globe across the last year. Top Resources The Defender's Advantage Cybersecurity Forecast Defender's Advantage Cyber Snapshot Issue 7 Maximize your security effectiveness with Mandiant's industry-leading frontline expertise and threat intelligence Prepare your organization for modern threats by applying the experience and knowledge of leading threat researchers, reverse engineers, intelligence analysts, cybersecurity experts, and incident responders who defend against some of the most impactful breaches world-wide. With 20+ years of investigative experience, Mandiant, part of Google Cloud, uses intelligence and expertise acquired from the frontlines to help organizations proactively align their defenses to confidently face threats. Combat attackers with experts in incident response, strategic threat readiness, and transformative cyber defense Cybersecurity incidents require diligent preparation, rapid action, and critical asset protection. Our Mandiant experts provide guidance so you can maintain confidence in business operations before, during, and after an incident. 400k+ hours responding to attacks in 2023 2400+ organizations assisted in preparing for and responding to incidents in 2023 65+ countries engagements performed in 2023 Take decisive action with industry-leading intelligence Empower your team with Mandiant's uniquely dynamic view of the attack lifecycle. Combine machine, adversary and operational cyber threat intelligence to understand and defend against relevant threats. 350+ Threat actors being tracked 550+ Global threat experts 30+ Languages covered Secure your use of AI and use it to strengthen cyber defenses AI technologies are transforming the way organizations operate. Mandiant experts can help you use AI to enhance cyber defenses and safeguard the use of your AI systems. Proactive Assessments: Evaluate the architecture, training data defenses, and applications built on your AI models. Red Teaming: Identify and measure the risks to your AI systems deployed in production with real-world attacks unique to AI services. AI for Defenders: Operationalize the use of your AI systems across the six critical functions of cyber defense. Take the next step Let Mandiant help you advance your cybersecurity resilience-before, during, and after the incident. Mandiant is a recognized leader in dynamic cyber defense, threat intelligence, and incident response services. By scaling decades of frontline experience, Mandiant helps organizations to be confident in their readiness to defend against and respond to cyber threats. Mandiant is part of Google Cloud. Footer © Copyright 2024 Mandiant. All rights reserved. Bottom